Winnie Ebalar

Are you afraid to shop online? No  
How do you pay online?  I use my Visa card  
What are your favorite shopping sites? Lowes, Home Depot, Amazon  
Are you satisfied with delivery? I am with Amazon because I have the Prime subscription so I get everything in two days or even less in some cases depending on the item.  I heard in some major cities they can deliver within two hours at no extra charge.  That is an awesome service. I can’t wait until they offer that service here in our area.  The others sites you have to wait a week for your items to arrive unless you pay extra.  
How much is Amazon Prime? It’s $99 per year.  
When you shop online, do you create accounts with these sites when you make purchases or do you check out as a guest? With my favorite shopping sites like Amazon I have an account but for other sites that I really don’t shop at as much such as Pizza Hut; I just check out as a guest.  
What do you like best about the Amazon site? The vast selection of products.  
What about returns? I have never returned anything that I bought online.  


Yvette McInnis

Are you afraid to shop online? No  
How do you pay online?  I use various credit cards depending on the size of the purchase. I use my American Express for relatively small purchases and my Master Card for the larger ones.  
What are your favorite shopping sites? Walmart, Target, Amazon, Ebay  
Are you satisfied with delivery? No. Delivery usually takes about a week unless you pay extra which I do not.  
When you shop online, do you create accounts with these sites when you make purchases or do you check out as a guest? I have accounts at all of my favorite sites that I mentioned earlier but in the rare occasion that I shop at some other site I check out as a guest. 
What do you like best and least about online shopping? My favorite thing about online shopping is the large amount of choices that you have.  You often find better deals online than you do in the store.  It’s also easier to research and comparison shop.  I like to read the user reviews on products as well.  My biggest complaint again is waiting for it to arrive.  I want it within two days at no additional charge.  I heard Amazon can deliver within two hours.  
What about returns? The only time I have returned anything was at Walmart and I simply took it back to the store.  


Linda Walters

Are you afraid to shop online? No  
How do you pay online?  I use one of my credit cards.  
Do you use Paypal? No  
What are your favorite shopping sites? Best Buy, Lowes, Amazon  
Are you satisfied with delivery? Yes. I would like faster delivery but you have to pay extra for it.    
When you shop online, do you create accounts with these sites when you make purchases or do you check out as a guest? I do not have accounts on any site because I don’t shop on line enough to justify it in my opinion.  
What do you like best and least about online shopping? I like the ability to comparison shop and find the best deal. I also like the fact that you can find things that you can’t at your local store.  Probably my least favorite thing is waiting for delivery.  
What about returns? I have never returned an online purchase. 

Conclusion

Everyone seems to be very comfortable with online shopping. However, it seems like not everyone is satisfy with delivery process.
